I'll check which tables and extensions currently exist in the database to reproduce the "relation does not exist" cause. I'll list extensions and tables (public schema).


Ran list_extensions

Ran list_tables

Reasoned
Summary of findings
I inspected your database schema and extensions.

The UUID extension uuid-ossp is installed.
The following tables already exist in public schema (relevant subset): users, communitythreads, communitycomments, livechatmessages, contactmessages, newslettersubscribers, notifications, episodes, videos, etc.
Important: your existing tables use different naming/casing than the SQL snippet. In the DB the tables are named without underscores and with lowercase columns:
communitythreads (not community_threads)
communitycomments (not community_comments)
thread_likes and thread_follows do not appear in the listing (they may not exist).
The error "relation 'community_threads' does not exist" is caused by referencing community_threads (with underscore) while your DB has communitythreads (no underscore).
Actionable fixes
Pick one of these two safe options and I can apply the SQL for you (I will not run destructive changes without explicit confirmation):

Option A — Update your script to match existing names (recommended, non-destructive)

Replace every occurrence of community_threads → communitythreads
Replace community_comments → communitycomments
Replace liveChatMessages / livechatmessages usage consistently (your script already used livechatmessages in creation but policies referenced liveChatMessages earlier — unify to livechatmessages)
Replace newslettersubscribers, contactmessages, etc. where necessary (your script already uses those names but watch for inconsistent casing like created_at vs createdat column names)
Option B — Create new tables with the underscore names (will cause duplication)

If you prefer the underscore naming, create community_threads, community_comments, etc. The DB already has communitythreads so you'll end up with duplicate functionality and need to migrate data.
Specific edits you should make (example)
Change lines like: ALTER TABLE community_threads ENABLE ROW LEVEL SECURITY; CREATE POLICY "Anyone can view threads" ON community_threads ... DROP POLICY ... ON community_threads; to use communitythreads instead.

Also adjust column names in policies/triggers if your existing columns are named createdat / updatedat / fullname / avatarurl etc. (your current users table columns are fullname, avatarurl, createdat, updatedat — your script expects display_name, avatar, created_at). Policies referencing auth.uid() = userid will work if column userid exists — your communitythreads does have userid, so that's fine.

Next steps
Tell me which option you want:

"Update script to existing names" — I will generate a corrected SQL script that uses your current table and column names (non-destructive).
"Create underscore-named tables" — I will produce SQL to create the new tables (confirm you accept potential duplicates and migration).
Or paste any specific snippet you want changed and I'll fix it.
If you pick the first option, do you want me to:

Only update table identifiers (community_threads → communitythreads, community_comments → communitycomments, etc.), or
Also update column names (e.g., created_at → createdat, updated_at → updatedat, display_name → fullname, avatar → avatarurl) to match your existing schema?
Choose and I’ll produce the SQL changes.

